Alrighty, guys! Had fun playing with the
RestTemplate and Webflux inside of
Spring.
These are RESTful clients that can use.
So we do have a standard RestTemplate
that is the traditional, and then, we also
have the Reactive one. So we will
definitely be getting more hands-on with
these, as we go forward in the course.
These are real handy tools to have.
In this part of the course, I just want to
get you introduced to actually consuming
RESTful APIs. And now, we now that we've
consumed them. In the next part of the
course, we're gonna actually look at
building them. Between now and then, I
challenge you to take these and play
with RESTful API. So look at the
programmable web, which is actually where
I found the API that we're dealing with.
There's literally thousands
of RESTful APIs out there that you can
work with and play with. So I encourage
you to do that and get used to this
because consuming RESTful API is a big
part of writing Spring Framework
applications.